Assorted formatting and wording cleanup. (#56)
php-fig/per-coding-style: spec.md

same line.

When instantiating a new class, parentheses MUST always be present even when

> there are no arguments passed to the constructor.  For example:

Reviewer: Can you update these to all use a single space or a newline before "For example"? I'd prefer sticking with single spaces everywhere.

The `use` keyword used inside the classes to implement traits MUST be
declared on the next line after the opening brace.

Each individual trait that is imported into a class MUST be included
one-per-line and each inclusion MUST have its own `use` import statement.

> The following is a correct example of trait `use`age.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is a correct example of trait useage.
```

Mixing the code and the word itself looks extremely confusing.

Expressions in parentheses MAY be split across multiple lines, where each
subsequent line is indented at least once. When doing so, the first expression
MUST be on the next line. The closing parenthesis and opening brace MUST be
placed together on their own line with one space between them. The semicolons

> MUST be on the component the follow, not on the subsequent line.  For example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
MUST be on the component they follow, not on the subsequent line.  For example:
```

> MUST be on the component they follow, not on the subsequent line.  For example:

Reviewer: > The semicolons MUST be on the component they follow, not on the subsequent line

This is a new requirement, please remove this.
